# SNT 2025, Košice

**Host**: [PCKlub](https://pcklub.sk/)

**Date**: 22.08.2024-24.08.2024

**Location**: [Košice, Slovakia](https://maps.app.goo.gl/DzgL8GCuKCccFcX47)

**Venue**: [Cultural & Social Center Jedlíkova 7](https://maps.app.goo.gl/5gyNgTHsmN7fheab9)

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Map of Everything

<iframe src="https://www.google.com/maps/d/u/1/embed?mid=13phgksWZd3I-MpJkVYDJ_u4piRx27uw&ehbc=2E312F&noprof=1" width=100% height="480"></iframe>

## Travel Information

### Travelling by Car

When travelling by car to Košice, you will most likely need to use the speedway. You can [buy a vignette on the official website](https://eznamka.sk/en). You can park at one of the parking lots adjacent to the dormitory free of charge (they are marked on the map).

When driving from the Czech Republic or Austria, you will pass by numerous landmarks, which are worth visiting if you want to. My personal recommendations are:

 - [Orava Castle](https://maps.app.goo.gl/15pxJ47h6rC1Ewqp7) - slight detour
 - [Strečno Castle](https://maps.app.goo.gl/mqmUrqWqLvFCq1yy8) - literally next to the main road
 - [High Tatras](https://maps.app.goo.gl/t4Bm4GW79ow354cK9) - great for hiking, accessible by car mostly
 - [Spiš Castle](https://maps.app.goo.gl/xpjg7zL69RuHa4rz9) - large fortress ruins, next to the road

### Travelling by Plane

The city of Košice has its own [international airport](https://www.airportkosice.sk/en). Check-in and boarding times are usually really quick since the airport is small. Regular flights are operated to:

 - Prague
 - London
 - Vienna
 - Warsaw

Multiple low-cost airlines are flying to Košice. If you are flying from farther away, a great approach would be getting to the London Stansted Airport (RyanAir) or London Luton Airport (WizzAir) and from there to Košice.

The airport is connected to the city by regular public transportation buses, which are operating only once an hour. An alternative is to use available taxi services (Uber or Bolt). There are usually taxi drivers standing at the airport, offering rides – you can take a ride with them; the cost when going to the venue should be around 6€, but they will usually ask for more (you can haggle them down to 10€, which is still a lot but manageable; anything over 10€ is a SCAM).

### Travelling by Train

The city of Košice is accessible by train from several directions – mainly from Budapest, Bratislava (Vienna by connecting train) and Prague. You can find relevant timetables for trains on CP APP - [Google Play](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=cz.chaps.cpsk&pcampaignid=web_share) & [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/cestovn%C3%A9-poriadky-cp/id1054934213). If you set your device to the English language, it should switch to English by default.

*Budapest*

Trains from the Budapest direction are regular "fast trains" with not much special about them.

*Bratislava/Vienna*

You can get from Vienna to Bratislava by quick InterCity train and from Bratislava to Košice by "Fast Train".

*Prague*

Here, options are more available. Firstly, there are several trains a day operated by carrier [RegioJet](https://regiojet.com/) which have better comfort, service quality & price (+ food & drinks on board are not overpriced). They also operate a sleeper version of this train, which is not that much cheaper compared to the national carrier. Secondly, the Czech national carrier operates the train SuperCity Pendolino Košičan, which is the highest priority train during the day and has great ride comfort. Lastly, there are also trains operated by Slovak National Railways, which are both regular and sleeper. Sleeper versions of Slovak trains are reasonably priced (more expensive than planes, though) and reasonably equipped, although don't expect showers or soft mattresses.

### Public Transportation in the City of Košice

Public transportation in the city of Košice is available to be used when necessary. Timetables can be found on regular Google Maps, Apple Maps, or on the aforementioned CP APP (scroll down in the dropdown menu and select "MHD Košice"). All of the relevant bus lines are marked on the map, with highlighted bus stops which they stop on. I personally recommend using trams, which are the fastest way of public transportation around the city. If the tram has the letter **R** in its name, it means that it is a special connection, usually faster.

Concerning tickets, when using public transportation inside a city or from an airport to a venue, the 30-minute ticket is sufficient for a one-way trip anywhere within the city. Physical tickets need to be validated when boarding the first bus and are valid until the time runs out. All tickets are transferrable (you can give it to someone else if it is still valid) and not bound to a single bus (you can switch to another bus/tram within the time limit). There are tickets for luggage available as well, but if you have a backpack or small luggage, it is generally not needed. You can buy tickets at ticket machines, using one of the few apps or by SMS. Digital tickets are valid 2 minutes after requesting them. SMS tickets are valid after you receive a confirmation SMS.

!!! danger "IMPORTANT !"
    By any means necessary, avoid the bus line labelled as "11" or "Luník IX". This line is mostly operated by green buses, which are not in the best shape. If you see this bus, STAY AWAY & DON'T GET ON !

## Accommodation

Accommodation is provided at the dormitory Jedlíkova 9. Sadly, participants need to pay for their own accommodation due to budgetary restrictions of our civic association. We have managed to negotiate a discount for all participants (big thanks to the dormitory headmaster), which will be set at 20€ per night per person. You can pay at the dormitory using cash or card (naturally, a valid receipt will be provided). Please bring your student ID or other ID which confirms your status as a student. 

!!! note "Note"
    If you are not an active student, the flat discount still applies, but you will need to pay additional city tax, which is 3.5€/person/night.

The room will be equipped with 4 beds, 4 wardrobes, a small fridge and table space for each user. Naturally, wired internet connection will be available. Wireless connection will be available as well, but in some places in rooms the signal strength is severely weakened due to building material.

## Schedule (Preliminary, subject to change)

This is rough schedule for participants, which will become more detailed as we move closer to the event and tours or presentations get booked and arranged.

<iframe src="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/embed?height=600&wkst=2&ctz=Europe%2FPrague&showPrint=0&mode=AGENDA&title=SNT%202025%20Preliminary%20Programme&src=ODMwMGIxODgxNjVhMjM4ODQ2YzRkMWEyMGIwNTQxZmY3YmJhMzE3MGViNzJhYTkwOTE0OWIxMGI1MDA0ZmE3ZkBncm91cC5jYWxlbmRhci5nb29nbGUuY29t&color=%233f51b5" style="border:solid 1px #777" width=100% height="600" frameborder="0" scrolling="no"></iframe>