# SNT 2026, Karlsruhe

**Host**: [HaDiNet](https://www.hadiko.de/hadinet)
**Date**: 27.08.2026-30.08.2026
**Location**: Karlsruhe

------------------------------------------------------------------------

## Location
Hans-Dickmann-Kolleg (HaDiKo), Klosterweg 28, 76131 Karlsruhe

### Arrival by public transit

- From the Karlsruhe main station, take the tram 3 (Rintheim) or tram 2 (Wolfartsweier) to Durlacher Tor / KIT-Campus-Süd. 
- Once you have reached Durlacher Tor, take the bus 30 (Elbinger Straße) until you have reached Büchiger Alle. 
- From there, it's only a few steps to HaDiKo.

### Map

<iframe src="https://umap.openstreetmap.de/en/map/snt-2026_133303" width=100% height="480"></iframe>

## Program
### Preliminary Schedule
This schedule is still preliminary but gives a good overview of what you can expect from this year's SNT.
Concrete times and places will be added as soon as we fix the last points of the program.

- Thursday: After arrival in Karlsruhe you can check in at your accommodation and drop off your luggage. Registration at HaDiKo opens in the afternoon.
    In the evening there will be a meal for everybody and the traditional club presentations.
- Friday: After an optional breakfast in the morning, we will have several talks and tours on the campus of KIT.
    We will take our meal in the KIT Mensa. In the evening we have an invited talk and (if you submit any) talks from student networks.
- Saturday: After an optional breakfast, we start on a city rally through Karlsruhe. 
    After the rally we meet up at the historical Karlsruhe Castle for our group photo and head back to HaDiKo to conclude SNT with a barbecue.
    As an optional program point, you can visit the "[Schlosslichtspiele](https://www.schlosslichtspiele.info/)", an impressive nightly illumnation of the castle.
- Sunday: There again is an optional breakfast on Sunday. If you want, you can also swing by HaDiKo to say goodbye.
    If it fits your schedule better, you can also depart directly from your accomodation.

Throughout the whole event, we will also keep the Hackcenter in HaDiKo open with beer on tap and a selection of other (non-)alcoholic beverages.
If you ever need to chill out, you can simply stay there.

### Meal Plan
All meals will be available in vegetarian and vegan options.
We will also try to accommodate all dietary restrictions given by the registration form.
If not, we will contact you before the event.

| Day      	| Time       	| Meal                                                  |
|----------	|-----------	|---------------------------------------------------	|
| Thursday 	| Dinner    	| Vegan Goulash (using the recipe from [Gulaschprogrammiernacht](https://gulas.ch))|
| Friday   	| Breakfast 	| Buffet                                            	|
| Friday   	| Lunch     	| KIT Mensa                                         	|
| Friday   	| Dinner    	| Maultaschen (Swabian Dumplings) with Potato Salad 	|
| Saturday 	| Breakfast 	| Buffet                                            	|
| Saturday 	| Lunch     	| Picnic in Schlossgarten or self-organized         	|
| Saturday 	| Dinner    	| Barbecue                                          	|
| Sunday   	| Breakfast 	| Buffet                                            	|


## FAQ

- Accomodation is self organized, but we provide a contingent which you can book from. You can find more information on the invitation mail. 

- Public transit from the main station to HaDiKo is covered for all participants